README.md, before:

# Calculation API

A robust FastAPI application for mathematical calculations with user management, built with SQLAlchemy and comprehensive testing.

## Features

- **Mathematical Operations**: Support for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
- **User Management**: User registration and calculation history tracking
- **Factory Pattern**: Extensible calculation operations using the factory design pattern
- **Data Validation**: Comprehensive input validation with Pydantic schemas
- **Database Integration**: PostgreSQL with SQLAlchemy ORM and Alembic migrations
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Unit and integration tests with 80%+ code coverage
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and Docker deployment via GitHub Actions

## Technology Stack

- **Backend**: FastAPI 0.104.1
- **Database**: PostgreSQL with SQLAlchemy 2.0.23
- **Validation**: Pydantic 2.4.2
- **Migrations**: Alembic 1.13.1
- **Testing**: Pytest with coverage reporting
- **Containerization**: Docker with multi-stage builds
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions with PostgreSQL service container

## Quick Start

### Local Development

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd calculation-api
   ```

2. **Set up environment**
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Configure environment variables**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env with your database credentials
   ```

4. **Run database migrations**
   ```bash
   alembic upgrade head
   ```

5. **Start the application**
   ```bash
   uvicorn main:app --reload
   ```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

### Docker Deployment

1. **Build and run with Docker**
   ```bash
   docker build -t calculation-app .
   docker run -p 8000:8000 -e DATABASE_URL="your-db-url" calculation-app
   ```

2. **Using Docker Compose** (recommended for development)
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

## API Documentation

Once the application is running, visit:
- **Interactive API Docs**: `http://localhost:8000/docs`
- **Alternative Docs**: `http://localhost:8000/redoc`

### API Endpoints

#### User Endpoints

**Register a New User**
```http
POST /api/users/register
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "password": "SecurePass123"
}

Response: 201 Created
{
  "id": 1,
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Login and Get Access Token**
```http
POST /api/users/login
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

username=testuser&password=SecurePass123

Response: 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

**Get Current User Information** (Protected)
```http
GET /api/users/me
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

#### Calculation Endpoints (All Protected)

**Create a Calculation**
```http
POST /api/calculations
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD"
}

Response: 201 Created
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD",
  "result": 16.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Browse User's Calculations** (with pagination)
```http
GET /api/calculations?skip=0&limit=20
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
[
  {
    "id": 3,
    "a": 6.0,
    "b": 7.0,
    "type": "MULTIPLY",
    "result": 42.0,
    "user_id": 1,
    "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:32:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:32:00Z"
  },
  {
    "id": 2,
    "a": 20.0,
    "b": 8.0,
    "type": "SUB",
    "result": 12.0,
    "user_id": 1,
    "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:31:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:31:00Z"
  }
]
```

**Read Specific Calculation**
```http
GET /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD",
  "result": 16.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Edit a Calculation** (partial update)
```http
PATCH /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "a": 20.0,
  "type": "MULTIPLY"
}

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 20.0,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "MULTIPLY",
  "result": 110.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:35:00Z"
}
```

**Delete a Calculation**
```http
DELETE /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 204 No Content
```

**Available Calculation Types**: `ADD`, `SUB`, `MULTIPLY`, `DIVIDE`

## Testing

The project includes comprehensive test coverage across all layers:

### Test Suite Overview
- **Unit Tests**: Factory pattern, schemas, authentication, and user services (31 tests)
- **Integration Tests**: Database operations and API endpoints (50+ tests)
- **Route Tests**: User registration/login and calculation CRUD (40+ tests)
- **Coverage**: 80%+ code coverage with detailed reporting

### Run All Tests
```bash
# Run all tests with coverage
pytest tests/ -v --cov=app --cov-report=html --cov-report=term-missing

# Expected output: 80+ tests passing
```

### Run Specific Test Categories
```bash
# User route tests (registration, login, authentication)
pytest tests/test_user_routes.py -v

# Calculation route tests (BREAD operations)
pytest tests/test_calculation_routes.py -v

# Factory pattern tests (12 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_factory.py -v

# Schema validation tests (9 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_schemas.py -v

# Authentication service tests
pytest tests/test_auth_service.py -v

# Integration tests with database (10 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v

# Quick test run without coverage
pytest tests/ -v
```
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v

# Quick test run without coverage
pytest tests/ -v
```

### Test Database Setup
Tests use SQLite by default for isolation. For PostgreSQL integration testing:

```bash
# Set up test database
export TEST_DATABASE_URL="postgresql://testuser:testpass@localhost/testdb"
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v
```

### Continuous Integration
All tests run automatically on every push via GitHub Actions:
- Linting with flake8, black, and isort
- All unit and integration tests (80+ tests)
- User and calculation route tests
- Code coverage reporting (minimum 80%)
- Docker image build and push to Docker Hub

## Screenshots

### GitHub Actions Workflow
![GitHub Actions Success](docs/screenshots/github-actions-success.png)
*Successful CI/CD pipeline run with all tests passing*

### API Documentation
![OpenAPI Docs](docs/screenshots/openapi-docs.png)
*Interactive API documentation at /docs*

### User Registration
![User Registration](docs/screenshots/user-registration.png)
*User registration endpoint in action*

### Calculation Operations
![Calculation CRUD](docs/screenshots/calculation-crud.png)
*Calculation CRUD operations with authentication*

### Docker Hub
![Docker Hub](docs/screenshots/docker-hub.png)
*Docker images deployed to Docker Hub*

*Note: Screenshots can be added to `docs/screenshots/` directory and will be displayed in the README.*

## Architecture

### Models
- **User**: User management with authentication support
- **Calculation**: Mathematical operations with audit trails

### Schemas
- **CalculationCreate**: Input validation for new calculations
- **CalculationRead**: Serialization for API responses  
- **CalculationUpdate**: Partial update validation

### Services
- **CalculationFactory**: Factory pattern for operation extensibility
- Individual operation classes: `AddOperation`, `SubOperation`, `MultiplyOperation`, `DivideOperation`

### Database Design
```sql
-- Users table
users (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(50) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(100) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    hashed_password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT true,
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW(),
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
);

-- Calculations table
calculations (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    a FLOAT NOT NULL,
    b FLOAT NOT NULL,
    type VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
    result FLOAT,
    user_id INTEGER REFERENCES users(id),
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW(),
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
);
```

## CI/CD Pipeline

The project includes a comprehensive GitHub Actions workflow:

### Automated Testing
- **Linting**: Code quality checks with flake8, black, and isort
- **Unit Tests**: Factory pattern and schema validation tests
- **Integration Tests**: Database operations and model relationships
- **Coverage**: Minimum 80% code coverage requirement
- **Security**: Bandit security scanning and dependency safety checks

### Docker Deployment
- **Automated Builds**: Docker images built on every push to main
- **Docker Hub**: Images pushed to Docker Hub registry
- **Multi-arch Support**: Built for multiple platforms
- **Security**: Non-root user and minimal attack surface

### Pipeline Stages
1. **Code Quality**: Linting and formatting checks
2. **Testing**: Unit and integration tests with PostgreSQL
3. **Security**: Vulnerability scanning
4. **Build**: Docker image creation and testing
5. **Deploy**: Push to Docker Hub (main branch only)

## Docker Hub Repository

The application is automatically deployed to Docker Hub.

Set up your Docker Hub credentials in GitHub repository secrets:
- `DOCKER_USERNAME`: Your Docker Hub username
- `DOCKER_TOKEN`: Your Docker Hub access token

Once configured, images will be available at:
- **Latest**: `<your-username>/mod-12-calculation-api:latest`
- **Tagged**: `<your-username>/mod-12-calculation-api:<commit-sha>`

### Pull and Run
```bash
docker pull <your-username>/mod-12-calculation-api:latest
docker run -p 8000:8000 \
  -e DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:pass@host/db" \
  -e SECRET_KEY="your-secret-key" \
  <your-username>/mod-12-calculation-api:latest
```

## Development Guidelines

### Adding New Operations
1. Create operation class implementing `CalculationOperation` protocol
2. Register in `CalculationFactory._operations`
3. Add to `CalculationType` enum
4. Write comprehensive tests
5. Update documentation

### Database Changes
1. Modify models in `app/models/`
2. Generate migration: `alembic revision --autogenerate -m "description"`
3. Review and edit migration file
4. Apply: `alembic upgrade head`
5. Update tests accordingly

### Testing Standards
- Maintain 80%+ code coverage
- Write both unit and integration tests
- Test error conditions and edge cases
- Use meaningful test descriptions
- Mock external dependencies appropriately

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `DATABASE_URL` | Production database connection string | `sqlite:///./calculation_app.db` |
| `TEST_DATABASE_URL` | Test database connection string | `sqlite:///./test_calculation_app.db` |
| `SECRET_KEY` | JWT secret key for authentication | Required for production |
| `ALGORITHM` | JWT algorithm | `HS256` |
| `ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES` | JWT token expiration | `30` |

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature-name`
3. Make changes and add tests
4. Run tests: `pytest tests/ -v`
5. Commit with conventional commits: `git commit -m "feat: add new operation"`
6. Push and create a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For issues and questions:
- Create an issue on GitHub
- Check existing documentation
- Review test examples for usage patterns

Commit message:

fix: apply Black formatting and update Docker Hub repository name
- Auto-format all Python files with Black
- Update Docker Hub repository from mod-12-calculation-api to calculation-app
- Update README with correct Docker Hub link and instructions
- Update GitHub Actions workflow to push to calculation-app repository
- All linting checks now pass (flake8, black, isort)

README.md, after:

# Calculation API

A robust FastAPI application for mathematical calculations with user management, built with SQLAlchemy and comprehensive testing.

## Features

- **Mathematical Operations**: Support for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
- **User Management**: User registration and calculation history tracking
- **Factory Pattern**: Extensible calculation operations using the factory design pattern
- **Data Validation**: Comprehensive input validation with Pydantic schemas
- **Database Integration**: PostgreSQL with SQLAlchemy ORM and Alembic migrations
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Unit and integration tests with 80%+ code coverage
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing and Docker deployment via GitHub Actions

## Technology Stack

- **Backend**: FastAPI 0.104.1
- **Database**: PostgreSQL with SQLAlchemy 2.0.23
- **Validation**: Pydantic 2.4.2
- **Migrations**: Alembic 1.13.1
- **Testing**: Pytest with coverage reporting
- **Containerization**: Docker with multi-stage builds
- **CI/CD**: GitHub Actions with PostgreSQL service container

## Quick Start

### Local Development

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <your-repo-url>
   cd calculation-api
   ```

2. **Set up environment**
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Configure environment variables**
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env with your database credentials
   ```

4. **Run database migrations**
   ```bash
   alembic upgrade head
   ```

5. **Start the application**
   ```bash
   uvicorn main:app --reload
   ```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8000`

### Docker Deployment

1. **Build and run with Docker**
   ```bash
   docker build -t calculation-app .
   docker run -p 8000:8000 -e DATABASE_URL="your-db-url" calculation-app
   ```

2. **Using Docker Compose** (recommended for development)
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

## API Documentation

Once the application is running, visit:
- **Interactive API Docs**: `http://localhost:8000/docs`
- **Alternative Docs**: `http://localhost:8000/redoc`

### API Endpoints

#### User Endpoints

**Register a New User**
```http
POST /api/users/register
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "password": "SecurePass123"
}

Response: 201 Created
{
  "id": 1,
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Login and Get Access Token**
```http
POST /api/users/login
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

username=testuser&password=SecurePass123

Response: 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

**Get Current User Information** (Protected)
```http
GET /api/users/me
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "username": "testuser",
  "email": "test@example.com",
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

#### Calculation Endpoints (All Protected)

**Create a Calculation**
```http
POST /api/calculations
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD"
}

Response: 201 Created
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD",
  "result": 16.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Browse User's Calculations** (with pagination)
```http
GET /api/calculations?skip=0&limit=20
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
[
  {
    "id": 3,
    "a": 6.0,
    "b": 7.0,
    "type": "MULTIPLY",
    "result": 42.0,
    "user_id": 1,
    "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:32:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:32:00Z"
  },
  {
    "id": 2,
    "a": 20.0,
    "b": 8.0,
    "type": "SUB",
    "result": 12.0,
    "user_id": 1,
    "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:31:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:31:00Z"
  }
]
```

**Read Specific Calculation**
```http
GET /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 10.5,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "ADD",
  "result": 16.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z"
}
```

**Edit a Calculation** (partial update)
```http
PATCH /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "a": 20.0,
  "type": "MULTIPLY"
}

Response: 200 OK
{
  "id": 1,
  "a": 20.0,
  "b": 5.5,
  "type": "MULTIPLY",
  "result": 110.0,
  "user_id": 1,
  "created_at": "2025-11-30T22:30:00Z",
  "updated_at": "2025-11-30T22:35:00Z"
}
```

**Delete a Calculation**
```http
DELETE /api/calculations/{id}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>

Response: 204 No Content
```

**Available Calculation Types**: `ADD`, `SUB`, `MULTIPLY`, `DIVIDE`

## Testing

The project includes comprehensive test coverage across all layers:

### Test Suite Overview
- **Unit Tests**: Factory pattern, schemas, authentication, and user services (31 tests)
- **Integration Tests**: Database operations and API endpoints (50+ tests)
- **Route Tests**: User registration/login and calculation CRUD (40+ tests)
- **Coverage**: 80%+ code coverage with detailed reporting

### Run All Tests
```bash
# Run all tests with coverage
pytest tests/ -v --cov=app --cov-report=html --cov-report=term-missing

# Expected output: 80+ tests passing
```

### Run Specific Test Categories
```bash
# User route tests (registration, login, authentication)
pytest tests/test_user_routes.py -v

# Calculation route tests (BREAD operations)
pytest tests/test_calculation_routes.py -v

# Factory pattern tests (12 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_factory.py -v

# Schema validation tests (9 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_schemas.py -v

# Authentication service tests
pytest tests/test_auth_service.py -v

# Integration tests with database (10 tests)
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v

# Quick test run without coverage
pytest tests/ -v
```
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v

# Quick test run without coverage
pytest tests/ -v
```

### Test Database Setup
Tests use SQLite by default for isolation. For PostgreSQL integration testing:

```bash
# Set up test database
export TEST_DATABASE_URL="postgresql://testuser:testpass@localhost/testdb"
pytest tests/test_calculation_integration.py -v
```

### Continuous Integration
All tests run automatically on every push via GitHub Actions:
- Linting with flake8, black, and isort
- All unit and integration tests (80+ tests)
- User and calculation route tests
- Code coverage reporting (minimum 80%)
- Docker image build and push to Docker Hub

## Screenshots

### GitHub Actions Workflow
![GitHub Actions Success](docs/screenshots/github-actions-success.png)
*Successful CI/CD pipeline run with all tests passing*

### API Documentation
![OpenAPI Docs](docs/screenshots/openapi-docs.png)
*Interactive API documentation at /docs*

### User Registration
![User Registration](docs/screenshots/user-registration.png)
*User registration endpoint in action*

### Calculation Operations
![Calculation CRUD](docs/screenshots/calculation-crud.png)
*Calculation CRUD operations with authentication*

### Docker Hub
![Docker Hub](docs/screenshots/docker-hub.png)
*Docker images deployed to Docker Hub*

*Note: Screenshots can be added to `docs/screenshots/` directory and will be displayed in the README.*

## Architecture

### Models
- **User**: User management with authentication support
- **Calculation**: Mathematical operations with audit trails

### Schemas
- **CalculationCreate**: Input validation for new calculations
- **CalculationRead**: Serialization for API responses  
- **CalculationUpdate**: Partial update validation

### Services
- **CalculationFactory**: Factory pattern for operation extensibility
- Individual operation classes: `AddOperation`, `SubOperation`, `MultiplyOperation`, `DivideOperation`

### Database Design
```sql
-- Users table
users (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(50) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(100) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    hashed_password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT true,
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW(),
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
);

-- Calculations table
calculations (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    a FLOAT NOT NULL,
    b FLOAT NOT NULL,
    type VARCHAR(20) NOT NULL,
    result FLOAT,
    user_id INTEGER REFERENCES users(id),
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW(),
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE
);
```

## CI/CD Pipeline

The project includes a comprehensive GitHub Actions workflow:

### Automated Testing
- **Linting**: Code quality checks with flake8, black, and isort
- **Unit Tests**: Factory pattern and schema validation tests
- **Integration Tests**: Database operations and model relationships
- **Coverage**: Minimum 80% code coverage requirement
- **Security**: Bandit security scanning and dependency safety checks

### Docker Deployment
- **Automated Builds**: Docker images built on every push to main
- **Docker Hub**: Images pushed to Docker Hub registry
- **Multi-arch Support**: Built for multiple platforms
- **Security**: Non-root user and minimal attack surface

### Pipeline Stages
1. **Code Quality**: Linting and formatting checks
2. **Testing**: Unit and integration tests with PostgreSQL
3. **Security**: Vulnerability scanning
4. **Build**: Docker image creation and testing
5. **Deploy**: Push to Docker Hub (main branch only)

## Docker Hub Repository

**Docker Hub**: https://hub.docker.com/r/andylanchipa/calculation-app

The application is automatically deployed to Docker Hub on every push to the main branch.

### Pull and Run
```bash
# Pull the latest image
docker pull andylanchipa/calculation-app:latest

# Run the container
docker run -p 8000:8000 \
  -e DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:pass@host/db" \
  -e SECRET_KEY="your-secret-key" \
  andylanchipa/calculation-app:latest
```

### Available Tags
- `latest`: Most recent build from main branch
- `<commit-sha>`: Specific commit version for reproducibility

## Development Guidelines

### Adding New Operations
1. Create operation class implementing `CalculationOperation` protocol
2. Register in `CalculationFactory._operations`
3. Add to `CalculationType` enum
4. Write comprehensive tests
5. Update documentation

### Database Changes
1. Modify models in `app/models/`
2. Generate migration: `alembic revision --autogenerate -m "description"`
3. Review and edit migration file
4. Apply: `alembic upgrade head`
5. Update tests accordingly

### Testing Standards
- Maintain 80%+ code coverage
- Write both unit and integration tests
- Test error conditions and edge cases
- Use meaningful test descriptions
- Mock external dependencies appropriately

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `DATABASE_URL` | Production database connection string | `sqlite:///./calculation_app.db` |
| `TEST_DATABASE_URL` | Test database connection string | `sqlite:///./test_calculation_app.db` |
| `SECRET_KEY` | JWT secret key for authentication | Required for production |
| `ALGORITHM` | JWT algorithm | `HS256` |
| `ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES` | JWT token expiration | `30` |

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feature-name`
3. Make changes and add tests
4. Run tests: `pytest tests/ -v`
5. Commit with conventional commits: `git commit -m "feat: add new operation"`
6. Push and create a pull request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For issues and questions:
- Create an issue on GitHub
- Check existing documentation
- Review test examples for usage patterns
